Your unit and components contained therein are fully warranted by Samsung against
defective material and manufacturing faults under our product warranty guide from the date
of purchase.

To obtain warranty protection, notice of the alleged defects must be given promptly upon
discovery by presenting the alleged defective product and the warranty card or the dated
proof of purchase (tax invoice / receipt) to our authorized service personnel at the time of
service.

For ease and convenience in presenting a warranty claim or any requests for repair or service,
the owner or buyer may (1) accomplish the warranty card and send the Certificate of
Warranty portion to Samsung or (2) register online via www.samsung.com/ph.

Our decision on all questions relating to complaints as a result of defects, either workmanship
or materials, shall be conclusive and you shall agree to abide by such a decision. Any unit or
defective part which has been replaced shall become our property.

The terms and conditions of the warranty shall be contained exclusively in this document and
no other presentation of provision, either written or otherwise, regardless of the origin of the
same, shall be accepted as either adding or subtracting from these terms and conditions.

By submitting your unit for repair, you are deemed to have waived any claims of
compensation, monetary or otherwise, which you may be entitled to and are deemed to
agree to accept any compensation whatsoever, by way of additional repair or otherwise,
which in our absolute discretion we may deem fit to offer. The giving of compensation under
this paragraph shall be subject to the provisions in the warranty.

Samsung may, at Samsung's sole option, use rebuilt, reconditioned, or new parts or
components when repairing any Product or replace Product with a rebuilt, reconditioned or
new Product.

In addition to the above, our service personnel reserve all rights to refuse to attend to any
equipments installed in inaccessible locations or installed at places where air is exposed to
chemical fumes or workman problems are found on external field piping and insulation
materials.

Samsung reserves the right to charge a service fee for out of warranty repair or service of any
nature and shall not be deemed liable if the conditions are not met.